hello and welcome this is just a quick
demonstration of how I put a window in a
hard drive as you can see here this is
the hard drive it's got neat little
window in it and it's all sealed so
there's no no dust can get into it or
anything
it's a maxed or 40 gig IDE drive just
pretty simple harddrive nothing special
about it I just want to put a window in
it to see if I could quick list of
materials I've only got a few of them
actually here this is just a quick easy
piece of plexiglass I got it for a
dollar at the local tap plastic store
here in San Jose I also have some steel
wool just for cleaning off edges edges
once I cut this it just gives a better
look and finish some silicone acrylic
caulk use for sealing the outer side of
the hard drive just to make sure no dust
gets in once it's sealed and some big
very big hefty Ziploc bags just so once
I took the drive cover off no dust would
get in the drive while I was working on
the cover it took me about a week of
work of the whole project took about a
week first I started with taking off
each of these six screws and then the
two here and here my original designs
can be seen here these are all the
different windows styles I ended up
going with this style because I wanted
to keep the support for the actuator and
for the drive for the disks and the
motor so using a dremel tool I was able
to cut this all out it took about an
hour to get it done right gladly it only
took one try though I went through to
Dremel bits and they were worn
completely down once done but as I said
got it done
sanded down the edges a little bit using
as I said the steel wool and also
another Dremel bit that had a brush at
the end
and then I cut the plexiglass
well I took sari I took the cover of the
drive put it on here traced it as you
can see these are the O's some of the
other tracings on here I traced this
pattern out cut it and sanded those
edges I did little cuts here like just
all over the place just to make sure it
fit in so with a little bit of force it
fit fit snug within the drive so
everything works great I'm pretty happy
with it I'm proud I had a lot of people
saying that I couldn't do it but it
works and I will gladly demonstrate that
free right now let me just adjust the
camera so hopefully you can see the head
moving once I plug it in and I can read
and write to the drive and it works just
wonderfully so I've just got a simple
power adapter for the drive that plugs
into any wall outlet just plug it in
here and plug this in here and you can
see it'll spin up and it'll initialize
the head and there you go
I can plug it in but I'm not going to
for this demonstration but it does work
I managed to keep all the dust out of it
for the most part I used this little tan
of duster from Ace Hardware it's just
quick simple you know you could buy
these pretty much any computer hardware
store and it removes all the dust and
everything I used it to clean off the
top if you're gonna do this yourself
just be really careful just to make sure
that you don't get any dust in the drive
as soon as you take the cover off put
the bottom assembly with the disc in the
actuator and all that put that in a
ziploc bag I use the hefty ones they're
big and easy make sure the bag isn't
used get a brand new bag and it'll work
just fine and everything should go
smoothly yeah just be careful and have
fun and don't use an expensive terabyte
drive or anything because in case it
does crash that's kind of a lot of
need to lose but there you go hope you
enjoyed